RHDG terminology (#150)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/product_conventions/red-hat-data-grid.adoc

[[red-hat-data-grid-conventions]]

For documentation questions, contact jdg-docs@redhat.com.

[discrete]
[[cache-manager]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Cache Manager (noun)

> *Description*: Interface for creating and managing caches. Always spell as two words with capital letters when referring to the abstract notion of a Cache Manager. When referring to specific interfaces, use `CacheManager`, `EmbeddedCacheManager`, or `RemoteCacheManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Interface for creating caches and managing cache lifecycles. Always spell as two words with capital letters when referring to the abstract notion of a Cache Manager. When referring to specific interfaces, use `CacheManager`, `EmbeddedCacheManager`, or `RemoteCacheManager`.
```

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[data-grid]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Data Grid (noun)

> *Description*: The short product name for Red Hat Data Grid. Red Hat Data Grid is a high-performance, distributed in-memory data store.

Reviewer 2: Is there any guidance for using this only after introducing the full name first that we should include here?

An example of an entry that does this now: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#red-hat-cloudforms

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: JBoss Data Grid

*See also*: xref:red-hat-data-grid[Red Hat Data Grid]

[discrete]
[[data-grid-console]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Data Grid Console (noun)
*Description*: Data Grid Console provides a web interface for creating and managing caches.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: JBoss Data Grid Administration Console, Data Grid console

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[data-grid-server]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Data Grid Server (noun)
*Description*: Data Grid Server is a standalone server which exposes any number of caches to clients over a variety of protocols, including Hot Rod, Memcached and REST. Always capitalize when referring to a Data Grid Server instance.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[hot-rod]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Hot Rod (adjective)

> *Description*: Hot Rod is a binary TCP client-server protocol used in Red Hat Data Grid. A Java client is able to interact with the Data Grid Server clusters via the Hot Rod protocol using the Hot Rod Java Client API. Write as two words and capitalize the first letter of each word.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Hot Rod is a binary TCP client-server protocol used in Red Hat Data Grid. Java, C#, C++, NodeJS clients, as well as clients written in other programming languages, and clients can access data that resides in remote caches on Data Grid Server clusters via the Hot Rod endpoint. Write as two words and capitalize the first letter of each word.
```

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Incorrect forms*: hot rod, HotRod, hotrod
```

> *Description*: Hot Rod is a binary TCP client-server protocol used in Red Hat Data Grid. Java, C#, C++, NodeJS clients, as well as clients written in other programming languages, and clients can access data that resides in remote caches on Data Grid Server clusters via the Hot Rod endpoint. Write as two words and capitalize the first letter of each word.

Reviewer 2: Is "NodeJS" correct? I always thought it was written as "Node.js"

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[infinispan]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Infinispan (noun)

> *Description*: The name of the open source, upstream project of Red Hat Data Grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Infinispan is the open-source, community project on which Red Hat Data Grid is built.
```

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[red-hat-data-grid]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Red Hat Data Grid (noun)
*Description*: Red Hat Data Grid is a high-performance, distributed in-memory data store. Always use the full product name (Red Hat Data Grid) or short product name (Data Grid). This product name applies to Red Hat Data Grid 7.3 and later versions.

*Use it*: yes

> *Incorrect forms*: Red Hat JBoss Data Grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Incorrect forms*: Red Hat JBoss Data Grid, JDG
```

> *Description*: Red Hat Data Grid is a high-performance, distributed in-memory data store. Always use the full product name (Red Hat Data Grid) or short product name (Data Grid). This product name applies to Red Hat Data Grid 7.3 and later versions.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as for the short name. Should there be any guidance that the short is only to be used after the full name was introduced first? Or can people use either whenever they want?

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[red-hat-jboss-data-grid]]
==== image:images/no.png[no] Red Hat JBoss Data Grid (noun)
*Description*: This product name applies to Red Hat Data Grid 7.3 and earlier versions.

*Use it*: no

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*: xref:red-hat-data-grid[Red Hat Data Grid]

[discrete]
[[session-externalization]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Session externalization (noun)

> *Description*: Data Grid can provide external cache container for application specific data. These external caches store HTTP sessions and other data independently of the application layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Data Grid clusters can provide external cache containers that store application specific data. These external caches store HTTP sessions and other data to make applications stateless and achieve elastic scalability as well as high-availability.
```

> *Description*: Data Grid clusters can provide external cache containers that store application specific data. These external caches store HTTP sessions and other data to make applications stateless and achieve elastic scalability as well as high-availability.

Reviewer 2: * application specific -> application-specific
* high-availability -> high availability

[[red-hat-data-grid-conventions]]

For documentation questions, contact jdg-docs@redhat.com.

[discrete]
[[cache-manager]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Cache Manager (noun)

> *Description*: Interface for creating caches and managing cache lifecycles. Always spell as two words with capital letters when referring to the abstract notion of a Cache Manager. When referring to specific interfaces, use `CacheManager`, `EmbeddedCacheManager`, or `RemoteCacheManager`, marked up appropriately.

Reviewer 3: [GLOBAL] comment: I suggest to go through and change all the entries into complete sentences.

==== image:images/yes.png[yes] cross-site replication (noun)
*Description*: A configuration that allows Data Grid clusters to form a global view and back up data across geographically disperse locations. Multiple clusters running in different data centers replicate data between each other to ensure business continuity in the event of an outage and to present a single, unified caching service to applications.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: xsite

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[data-grid]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Data Grid (noun)
*Description*: The short product name for Red Hat Data Grid. Use "Red Hat Data Grid" in the first instance and "Data Grid" in all subsequent instances.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: JBoss Data Grid

*See also*: xref:red-hat-data-grid[Red Hat Data Grid]

[discrete]
[[data-grid-console]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Data Grid Console (noun)
*Description*: Data Grid Console provides a web interface for creating and managing caches.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*: JBoss Data Grid Administration Console, Data Grid console

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[data-grid-server]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Data Grid Server (noun)

> *Description*: Data Grid Server is a standalone server which exposes any number of caches to clients over a variety of protocols, including Hot Rod, Memcached and REST. Always capitalize when referring to a Data Grid Server instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Description*: Data Grid Server is a standalone server that exposes any number of caches to clients over a variety of protocols, including Hot Rod, Memcached and REST. Always capitalize when referring to a Data Grid Server instance.
```

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[hot-rod]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Hot Rod (adjective)

> *Description*: Hot Rod is a binary TCP client-server protocol used in Red Hat Data Grid. Java, C#, C++, Node.js clients, as well as clients written in other programming languages, and clients can access data that resides in remote caches on Data Grid Server clusters via the Hot Rod endpoint. Write as two words and capitalize the first letter of each word.

Reviewer 3: I'm getting a smidge tripped up parsing this sentence. It seems like there's something missing. Could you try to simplify it a bit? (it might be just my brain today though!)

`Java, C#, C++, Node.js clients, as well as clients written in other programming languages, and clients can access data that resides in remote caches on Data Grid Server clusters via the Hot Rod endpoint.
